everyone today I'm going to be doing a
review for you on the Philips Bizzy pure
which looks like this it's the Philips
version basically of the Clarisonic and
I'm going to compare the two and let you
know what I think how this for a month
now so I can give you quite a good
opinion of what I think of it in the
first week of using it I really quite
liked it but as time has gone on I have
grown more less in love with it than I
was before and I'll tell you why so this
is what the product looks like it's a
hundred and fifty pounds here in the UK
and I bought this myself it has two
speed settings and it comes with various
heads you get two heads with it a soft
and a normal and then clip-on and you
also get you buy separately the
exfoliating head which is coarser and
has a missing gap here which is slightly
smaller for the head you turn it on and
the brush rotates now this brush just
rotates and it has two speeds what you
do is you put your cleanser on your face
or the brush and then you go over your
skin now this is where the problems
coming first of all compared to the
Clarisonic the brush head is much
smaller it's also much cheaper the brush
head but it's much smaller it takes
approximately two to three minutes not
the one minute to actually clean the
entire face with this because it's so
much smaller so it's going to take
longer for those of you with very very
dry skin very sensitive skin you will
prefer I think the visi pure because the
brushes are much softer particularly
this soft this one that for the
sensitive skin is very very soft in
comparison to the one that Clarisonic
has so in that regard if you've tried
the Clarisonic you didn't really work
for you then this would be a great
option because it's much more gentle but
it just rotates and for 150 pounds
it really is not worth the money because
all it does is rotate it doesn't do
anything scientific the Clarisonic will
give you a much better clean for your
money it will exfoliate the skin much
easier and this I mean Clarisonic claim
that there is a cleansing device it's a
cleansing and exfoliating device this is
purely an exfoliant device because it
just rotates wears Clarisonic has that
kind of pulse but to each their own
generally speaking I prefer the
Clarisonic I still use the Clarisonic I
use the delicate and normal head I don't
tend to use the others because they're
too stimulating for my skin the
difference you can hear with the
Clarisonic is this kind of real
vibration whereas with this it's just
that rotation this also feels cheap and
for 150 pounds I really think it should
have been a lot better made because you
can get the Clarisonic Mya for like 120
pounds so it really you know Philips are
really kind of trying to push the boat
out and bringing us an inferior product
for too much money well I think is a
relatively good product this really
should be charged it around about 50
pounds and that's you know that would be
enough money and it would be pretty good
for that price it looks actually like
your sexual device really doesn't it it
doesn't want it that way believe you me
it don't work at all so there you go
should you get it maybe but probably not
you can use get the exact same effects
from this as you can from just a plain
washcloth so there you go thanks for
watching I'll see you all next time bye